* Is being a reliable and dependable assistant important in preventing miscommunication when the answer is being formed. If so, this would show in the wording of the question, which should be clear and not involve irrelevant or extraneous material. * Is having a full and open mind needed when answering the question, and is this something that you also need to work on developing? If so, this would show in the open-minded approach to the question and the way the written answer is crafted. * Is being a diligent, careful, and accurate listener important in preventing miscommunication when the answer is being developed. If so, this would show in the time that you take to form part of the answer and the way that you protect against your harmless mistakes, especially mistakes of omission or false impressions when you hear or read the question, or key details from the answer. * Is becoming a more proficient and sharper communicator important in responding to the question in a timely and succinct manner. If so, this would show in the brief and direct way that you wrote the answer, and the way that you explained the reasoning behind the answer in a way that is clear, concise, and not overly complex. * Is being an orderly, attentive, and alert listener when you are listening to or reading the question and the answer, important in preventing miscommunication? If so, this would show in the way that you keep your mind open and alert when you hear or read the question and when you form or rehearse part of the answer, especially when reading more challenging or subtle questions. * Is being a proficient, clear, and direct communicator important in the way that you wrote part of the answer to the question and explained the reasoning behind the answer in a way that is penetrating, clear, and concise? If so, this would show in the simplicity and clarity of the explanation and the way that you explained the reasoning behind the answer and did not include excessive detail or complexity. * Is becoming an extremely careful and accurate listener when you are listening to or reading the question and the answer, key details, and forming part of the answer in your mind in a way that is open, attentive, and not overly complex? If so, this would show in the way that you protect against any harmless mistakes, especially mistakes of omission or false impressions when you hear or read the question, key details, or the answer. * Is being a prudent, cautious, and careful listener when you are listening to or reading the question and the answer, key details, and forming part of the answer in a way that is open, attentive, and not overly complex, while also being very careful not to make any harmless mistakes, especially mistakes of omission or false impressions when you hear or read the question, key details, or the answer? If so, this would show in the careful, prudent, and cautious way that you listened to or read the question, key details, and the answer, and the way that you formed part of the answer in your mind in a way that is open, attentive, extremely careful, and not overly complex. * Is becoming an extremely precise, careful, and diligent listener when you are listening to or reading the question and the answer, key details, and forming part of the answer in your mind in a way that is open, attentive, and not overly complex, while also being very careful not to make any harmless mistakes, especially mistakes of omission or false impressions when you hear or read the question, key details, or the answer? If so, this would show in the careful, precise, and diligent way that you listened to or read the question, key details, and the answer, and the way that you formed part of the answer in a way that is open, attentive, extremely careful, and not overly complex. * Is being an extremely precise, careful